>> Steve Kinney: LoRa is like
if you took that textbook and
you shoved a bunch of sticky notes on
the pages with some extra context, but
you didn't rewrite the whole book.
You're only taking
a small layer of them and
you're fine tuning those and
it turns out low drink adaptation,
that's the part I forgot where you
don't touch most of the knobs, right?
You add a few tiny extra layers on top and
you just tune those, right?
You're, that seems like
that's not gonna work.
I don't think so.
Turns out that it works like 90% as good,
right?
It's one of those things where it's,
much to everyone's surprise kinda thing.
It's the same laws that gave us
the fact that JavaScript became
the most popular programming
language in the world.
You ask anyone to predict that in 1995,
you're not gonna get a lot of takers.
Turns out it works, and so basically,
you can get to the point where just
taking a small subset of extra layers and
tuning them will get you most
of where you need to go.
And this is what we're
gonna do in a second.
We're gonna take GPT2,
we're going to take a data set,
we're gonna train it on that data set and
we're gonna see that it, for
the amount of effort
that we're gonna put in.
Is it gonna be perfect?
It's not gonna be perfect, for
the time spent doing it, that's very good.
So yeah, we take a relatively
small end very specific, right,
again a chat tone, right, a style or
something like that, right?
And effectively, hey,
the pattern of the first
few words are gonna be the same, right?
And we're gonna hit it
with 16,000 examples,
which is not a lot if you think about it,
right?
On any scale, we're hit with 16,000
examples, 14,000 maybe examples.
Just repeatedly saying quote by name,
colon, beginning,
quote, some words, end quote, right?
And hammer it with just 16,000.
That's not a huge amount.
And we'll see that should we give it
that initial first few characters,
it will mostly stay in line, right?
And we're not retraining the entire model.
We're simply adding a few layers
of extra knobs on top of it and
we'll see that we get mostly
the way there, right,
full fine tuning will still
most of the times outperform.
But if it's one of those
always this trade off, okay,
maybe it's 10% better, but
it costs you 28 times as much.
I don't know, sometimes that's
the right answer, do it right on.
And the nice part though is
when you fine tune a model,
let's say you took a model that
clocked in at 48 gigabytes and
you fine tune it, guess what?
You have a new 48 gigabyte
model with these extra layers.
You only have to store the extra layers.
It's, you're putting a hat on top of
GPT2 that like fine tune it to do what
you want.
And then you can put that
hat on something else.
You can take the hat off, right?
It's just an extra plugin.
It's effectively plug ins for
a model, right?
And so you can fine tune it way cheaper,
way faster.
You don't have to store
an entirely new model.
You just have an extra layer and
adapter on top of it to do
the thing that you want to do.